Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪♪♪♪♪
Okay... good.
[chuckles] Come on. over here.
Yeah. good boy.
That's a good boy.
I'm gonna have to let you go he.
I gotta go inside. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I really am.
Okay. Come here. buddy.
Come here. buddy. That's it.
Okay. here we go.
And... up you go.
Up. up. up. Good boy.
There you go.
I'm gonna miss you. Want some?
Gonna miss you. buddy.
[Zoey] Oh!
-[Zoey] Man...
-Hold on one second.
-[under breath] Colin Richmond.
-Ma'am? You okay?
Oh. Hi!
[Colin] Can I help you anything?
Those darn curbs. hey?
Um. yeah.
Uh. here you go.
-Thank you. [laughs]
-You're welcome.
-You got that?
-Alright. Thank you. sir.
You're welcome.
You sure you're okay?
Oh. yeah.
Okay. make sure you don't forget
his treat at 11.
Okay. I'll call you soon.
[Rick] So. you ready?
Yes. ready as I'll ever be.
Okay. great. BBQ Bill's CEO Coln
Richmond should be here momenta.
You met him before?
I have seen him around the build
this morning it was so embarras-
That's okay. Anyway. I insisted
that he be here personally.
Now. you should know this
about him --
Colin is not a big fan
of meetings.
He'd rather be out with his dog.
So make it short. sweet.
seal the deal.
Got it.
[Colin] Good morning. everyone.
[Rick] Morning. Colin!
Please. have a coffee.
Now. to kick off today's sauce
strategy meeting
our Ingredient Analyst Zoey McBe
will be presenting first.
Great to meet you.
Again.
Please! Have a scone.
Oh.
Mm. So this is smell
that's been enticing me
all the way from the elevator.
Tastes incredible.
It's lemon essence and lavender.
I see.
Nice combo.
Yeah. Zoey's bit of a weekend c.
She always
surprises us on Mondays.
Now. let's see what
customer feedback she has to re.
Please. everyone sit down.
[Zoey] All right...
Welcome. everyone.
The brief was
a brand new sauce for BBQ Bill'.
Something with universal
appeal and a fresh twist.
Our customer focus
groups consistently tell us
that a healthy and
tasty menu is their top priorit.
Consumer feedback
is showing that we are falling t
on these objectives
with a sauce that's high in sugd
low on natural flavors.
I've analyzed
every BBQ Bill's sauce ingrediet
and I have
a lot of suggestions.
And not just about
the sauce.
For starters. I'd take some of e
unhealthy sandwich add-ons --
blue cheese. bacon...
and replace them with healthy
alternatives.
Avocado. tasty salsas and...
I have a
brand new sauce suggestion
that will be revolutionary
for BBQ Bill's.
If you'll follow me
down to the test kitchens.
I have a surprise for everyone.
Samples of a healthy new sauce
and grilled Mediterranean-style
chicken sandwiches with hummus.
I'm sorry. Could you just hold
on one second. please?
Rick. I thought this meeting wat
customer feedback and planning.
I thought we had
our next menu and sauces all pl.
I don't think we can introduce g
new in the next three weeks.
[Zoey] I think it's doable.
I can definitely have the sauce
available within that window
and I've scoped out
distribution.
A co-op with local organic farm.
fresh ingredients.
and on-time delivery to
all of your 850 stores.
Okay. that is impressive. actua.
but in order to make our quartey
projections.
we need everything wrapped by w9
which in restaurant speak is ye.
Your company
can be a force for change.
You can be the first
fast food chain
to lead the category with
healthy offerings.
Mr. Richmond.
this is a big opportunity here.
Look. you've certainly
done your homework.
but I'm not about to
change my entire product line.
Look. I'm late
for another meeting.
Rick. we're going to talk
about this later. okay?
[sucks teeth]
[Rick] Hold up a minute. Colin.
I just got apologize for
what happened in there.
We will have a new plan
and a new sauce. pronto.
Okay. Rick. but this is
your last chance.
Rick. we really got a knock
out of the park.
Not just to satisfy our
customers but our shareholders.
Let's try something fun and freh
like Hawaiian. Pineapple teriya.
We'll have it for you in a week.
Two. tops.
Okay. but no last-minute
changes. all right?
-You got it.
-Okay.
-Our word is as good as gold!
-[Colin] All right. pal.
Rick. I'm sorry.
Unbelievable.
I give you the agenda.
I told you not to be creative
but you were creative.
And now my neck is on the line.
You know my strength is recipes.
I took a chance. He didn't
even taste my healthy samples.
You have no business presenting
anything without my blessing.
So you are out.
I'm letting you go.
For doing more work than you as?
You can't fire me for that.
Are you really that stubborn?
You're fired.
You know what?
You're right.
I don't belong here.
I'm not like you.
[exhales sharply] I put a lot ot
into this presentation.
Can you believe Rick fired me?
I was furious.
And as soon as I walked out.
I remembered my credit card bils
and my rent
What am I going to do?
Maybe this is a sign it's time
to do something different.
I mean. your true calling
has always been the actual cookg
not the science and research.
Cooking is only a weekend hobby.
I'm not that good.
Not that good?
Excuse me.
Your food is amazing.
[Shay] Seriously. your tri tip
barbecue is the bomb.
Actually. is there any left over
in your fridge? I could come by.
Oh. my gosh.
What? What is going on?
[Colin] Enrique!
Our CEO? The reason
Rick fired me? He's here.
Where's here?
The food truck line near the of.
The guy could
not care less about my presenta.
Even more proof he's a bad pers.
He just cut the line.
Ew! Ignore him.
Why do you even care?
Is he cute or something?
No.
Well. he's kind of cute. I gues.
Well. you know what I always sa:
Rise above it. Know your worth.
Thanks. I'll try.
Zoey. right?
Yes.
Wow. imagine
meeting twice in the same day.
Yeah. Imagine.
Actually. three times if you can
count the... incident this morn.
Oh. thank you for reminding me.
Hey. have you tried these fish ?
So delicately seasoned. fresh.
The sauce is to die for.
Can't quite pinpoint
the spices. though.
Now you care about
the sauce and the flavor.
You know. you were a lot friendr
when I saw you earlier.
When you order from Enrique.
make sure to ask
for the blackened halibut.
He makes special
off-menu for locals only.
No. thank you.
But I might warn Enrique
there's a shark lurking about
for his halibut recipe.
You might want to water
that little guy. Looks a little.
You don't have to be
so stubborn. you know?
You could apologize.
Ask for your job back.
No way.
My grandpa says never look
back. And you said it yourself.
It is time
for something different.
Mmm. I've loved your
grandpa's barbecue sauce
since high school. but the way t
you make it's even better.
I make it healthier.
And don't tell Grandpa
but I skipped the pork lard.
And I've added a secret
ingredient. You would never gue.
Why? If you tell me
you'll have to kill me?
Something like that. [exhales s]
Ooh!
Hey. how about we watch an epise
of American Food Truck
Competition. It's your favorite.
Oh. I love that show.
[TV Host] Which of our local vis
will be voted Channel 5's favoe
amateur food truck?
The winner will take home
a brand new food truck
and $100.000
to start their new business.
You could run a food
truck with these sandwiches
and make some serious bank.
-Yeah. right.
-Zoey. I'm serious.
People would line up for this.
To enter you need a team of
two participants and a food tr.
We'll see you there.
Seriously. Zoey. do it.
What have you got to lose?
Where the heck
would I get a food truck?
I am sure I know
someone who has a food truck.
Well. the prize money
would pay for a lot of bills.
Would you enter it with me?
You know.
I'd love to but I'm just
so busy with work right now.
But how about
I design a logo for you?
Well. that would be great.
But I do need a partner.
Well. it's your grandpa's recip.
He's retired.
Plenty of time on his hands.
I have been telling him
he needs a hobby.
There you go.
Okay. Well.
I'll ask Grandpa tomorrow.
But how am I gonna
pay for a rental truck?
Zoey. don't
give up before you start.
Okay. there's always a way.
In fact. before change your min.
I'm going to help you
with the application process.
You know.
I can see you behind there. huh?
Why don't you come and
talk to me?
Grandpa. What are you doing?
My neighbor Claudette's making e
about stealing my quince fruit.
and I need to make jam.
She says any fruit with the bras
on her side belong to her.
Yeah. poppycock. I say.
She might be right.
actually. but either way
it's dangerous
for you to be up there.
Come on.
[scoffs]
Yeah. take her side. why don't ?
-[knock at window]
-[Grandpa] Ohh!
She's been a thorn
in my side for years.
He could get to know her better.
She might not be so bad.
Or she could be worse.
Well. she is your neighbor.
So you might try to get along.
Hm. She is kind of
cute when she's angry.
You know what they say?
Catch more flies with honey.
-Or jam.
-Exactly. What do you got to lo?
So what brings you here?
Well. Grandpa. I've got a crazye
idea I want to run past you.
Well. that doesn't bode well.
You remember
the time you convinced me
to build that treehouse
in the backyard for you?
What was so crazy about that>
Well. besides
that it took me months.
you know.
you worked me day and night.
-[laughs]
-I'm a cook not a carpenter.
Well. what can I say?
I was a very
driven five-year-old but no.
So. you know
how I am kind of unemployed?
Kinda?
Okay. definitely unemployed.
I've been thinking that I want
my next project
to be something
that I'm really passionate abou.
Okay.
And I was wondering...
Would you be willing
to enter a cooking contest with?
We could win
$100.000 and a food truck.
Hmm.
I mean. you know.
it's not such a crazy idea.
You're an amazing cook but. uh..
Me?
I'm happily retired.
Come on. Grandpa.
We would make a great team.
You were the line cook
at the harbor clubhouse
for 40 years.
You know a lot about
good food
and I could
really use your knowledge.
You know. it's been a long time.
Things have changed.
You watch a lot of
game shows. right?
Yeah.
Why watch one
when you could be on one?
Hundred thousand. huh?
So you'l do it with me?
-All right.
-All righ!
All right. You're lucky. you cat
me in a good mood today.
Well. that is good
because Shay already entered us.
Hah!
So what's our first step?
Well. I found a
place to rent a food truck
and I've already got
a spot leased and a temporary p.
So we can
start practicing this week.
Good. What's our specialty?
-Grandpa's BBQ.
-[laughs]
A healthy version.
Oh. no. why do that?
You'll ruin it.
I won't ruin it.
Our motto is going to be great d
with a healthy twist.
And I will make sure it tastes .
And there's an added secret ingt
you're sure to love.
Yeah?
What's the secret ingredient?
Here's a hint:
How many jars of quince jam
can you make us asap?
Oh...
Grandpa's BBQ.
here we come.
♪♪♪♪♪
[knock at door]
[chuckles]
Where'd you find this truck aga?
Oh. Shay knew
someone who knew someone
-who gave me a good deal
-Uh huh.
The truck's
name is Livia apparently.
Well. Livia's sounding
a little rough right now.
But I'm sure she'll warm up.
Well. she might not be
as fancy as other trucks.
but she does have some charm.
No question.
Speaking of charm.
Oh! A leprechaun!
Just what we need. It's a sign.
Are you saying we need luck. Gr?
Everyone needs
a little luck now and then.
Well. that's easy for you to say
because you
have always been lucky.
Eh!
I like to think I earned
my luck through hard work.
But...
I still believe in the
fact that when the stars align
they give you what you need.
who you need. when you need it
And in our case with four
wheels and a refrigeration unit.
[laughs]
Yes. indeed.
♪♪♪♪♪
There you go. guys.
Thank you so much.
Have a good one.
-[Grandpa] Enjoy!
-[Zoey] Bye-bye!
Nice.
So. customer. how you doing. si?
-[customer] Good. Yourself?
-Good.
Hi. how can I help you?
Can I get your lunch special.
signature sandwich?
Sure.
-How are you today?
-I can't complain.
Good. You're gonna love this.
-[Zoey] Here you go.
-This is special.
-Thank you.
-[Zoey] Enjoy.
Zo. we might have a problem her.
[Zoey] Oh. boy.
Zo. you got another customer.
Oh! It's not a customer.
It's you again.
Uh. nice to see you. too.
Zoey. isn't it?
The one and only.
Would you like
to order something?
I'd love to try
your signature sandwich.
Okay. Great.
You moonlighting
on me with an outside gig?
This is my only gig.
My pitch to you got me fired
from my job at BBQ Bill's.
Seems like you weren't a fan
of my healthy food and sauce id.
I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
Anything I can do to help?
Thanks. but no thanks.
I think you've probably
done enough.
And. you know. I get it.
It's about the business.
not the food for you.
I'll survive. My grandpa says
everything happens for a reason.
So here I am.
Okay.
-[grinding sound]
-Come on.
That didn't sound so good. huh?
No. it's not.
Man. oh. man. oh. man.
Come on.
-There you go.
-[Colin] Thank you.
-[Zoey] Enjoy.
-I will.
There are benches
over there for eating.
Ah. Got it.
Guess I should get back to runng
my unhealthy barbecue empire.
-Probably
-[Colin] Probably. yeah. okay.
[chuckles]
Wow. What's in the sauce?
I'm afraid
I do not share my secrets.
Oh. come on. It's really good.
Uh uh.
Nada?
Okay.
HI. is everything okay?
Dang! This is good.
You really got something here.
Thanks. It's my grandpa's recip.
But improved -- fresh and healty
with a secret ingredient.
Well. with sauce this good
you should have way more custom.
We're not really advertising.
I've entered a food truck contet
and we're just practicing
here for a week
until we find out
if we got accepted.
-Favorite Amateur Food Truck?
-Yeah.
I entered it. too. with my sist.
I'm just down here helping her t
doing some research
on the food truck business.
-In between acting gigs.
-Uh huh.
I'm Jesse. by the way.
-Hi. I'm Zoey.
-Morgan.
Hi. Well. I should get going.
Um. hope to see you guys
in the contest.
-Yeah. me too.
-Take care. We're gonna win any.
-[laughs] Good luck!
-We'll see about that!
Bye!
That's cool. Competition.
♪♪♪♪♪
Oh. is that for me?
Okay. you can just set it here.
Thank you.
Hm.
I didn't order anything.
I don't know what that is.
Thanks.
♪♪♪♪♪
[whirring sound]
Hey. hey! Uh huh!
[Colin] Sounds pretty good.
Ah! It certainly does.
thanks to you. Appreciate it.
You know. honestly Livia's vinte
kitchen tools work just fine.
but Grandpa's happy.
So. thank you.
You get a lunch break anytime s?
We could try out
the chicken tikka truck over th.
I mean. come on.
I think I owe you a lunch.
-I'm busy.
-No. you're not.
I have food prep for tomorrow.
-Really?
-Mm hm.
It's okay. I'll take a rain che.
See ya.
You'd rather chop onions than ht
with that handsome hunk.
who. by the way. got us
a very beautiful food processor.
Grandpa. he might get your heart
with a chopper or a blender.
but I am not that easy.
Who you callin. easy?
You know. he really is quite ch.
You got no reason not to take a.
He's not my type.
In fact. I'm pretty
sure we're polar opposites.
He got me fired
because he wasn't interested
in promoting healthy family foo.
I'm positive he has
no real love for cooking.
Since when is that a crime?
It's just not the way that I lo.
Don't get me wrong.
I think food should be exciting
and creative and innovative.
But people are
eating BBQ Bill's every day.
And that's just not healthy.
Well. you certainly
have a passion for it.
And if there's anybody
that's going to change the foody
one sandwich at a time?
That would be you.
Thanks. Grandpa.
You always
have been my biggest fan.
Are you sure you
getting fired was his fault?
Really. Grandpa?
Keep an open heart. an open min.
Maybe.
[Zoey] Think you're gonna be
able to get that fixed. Grandpa?
[Grandpa] Yes. I do.
Hey!
-[Zoey] Hey!
-[Grandpa] Hey. hello!
Zo! How did it go. first day?
It actually went great.
We sold out.
A lot of hungry people out ther.
Went so good that
we wore out the food processor.
Well. at least it
broke doing what it loved.
-But this nice. young gentleman-
-[Zoey] Not a nice gentleman.
The CEO who helped get me fired.
This nice. young gentleman
gave us a new one as a gift.
-Wow.
-Uh huh.
Yeah.
♪♪♪♪♪
Bradley! Talk to me.
Where are you at
with the Hawaiian sauce?
Sir. we're a small team.
Bradley.
We are under tremendous pressur.
We do whatever it takes.
I need to come up with a sauce
that is better than anything.
Colin has ever tasted.
And that's where you come in.
Yes. sir. Whatever you say.
I'm just trying to find inspira.
Bradley.
Inspiration is all around you if
you just look hard enough.
Okay. Okay.
You need to get this sauce or
we are both fired.
-Simple equation. Got it?
-Got it.
Well. get to it.
We're done here.
So. I stalked Colin Richmond on.
Oh?
Did you know he's Top 100
eligible bachelor list?
Shay. you know.
those lists don't mean anything.
But these specials look good.
Oh. way to change the subject.
What are we thinking?
You know what?
I think he's amazing.
Shay?
Oh. Sorry. you were...?
Can I refill your drinks. ladie?
Wait. I recognize you.
The food trucks?
Yeah. it's Zoey. Jesse. right?
Yeah. That's right.
Shay. It's nice to meet you.
So you work here. too?
Remember when
I said I was an actor?
That's secret code
for "I'm also a bartender."
Oh. I see.
[laughs] Very good.
I'll be right back.
Just holler if you need anythin.
Thanks. Jesse.
Can I holler now?
He's very cute.
You can say that again.
[chuckles]
Okay. Grandpa.
Let's just pop these things in a
and we will be on our way.
[phone chimes]
Yes!
We are in. Grandpa.
We're in the competition!
-You're kiddin' me.
-No! [laughs]
♪♪♪♪♪
-[Grandpa] Well...
-[Zoey] Okay. we're here.
[Grandpa] Here we go.
Livia's done a lot of miles. [c]
-Hi!
Wow! That's one truck!
What? You never seen
a classic before. huh?
-We are the McBrides.
-Nice to meet you guys.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
[applause]
Hi. everybody!
Just let you know.
we are filming live
but please just pretend the
cameras aren't even here.
Now. in a minute. I'm going
to introduce you team by team.
So come on up grab your apron.
Take a moment to
shout out your team slogan.
[applause]
Welcome to Channel 5's
Favorite Amateur Food Truck Com.
I'm your host Maxine De Alessan.
Congratulations. teams.
You are the five teams that havn
selected to compete on our show.
First up. we have Eva's Origina.
We put the "oh" in original!
Next we have Born to Eat.
If you're born to eat.
we'll be on your street!
Next up. we have
Grandpa's BBQ Sandwiches.
We're saucy and bossy in the ki!
Followed by Biker Bacon Love.
We're bacon you crazy!
-Aggressive. All right.
-I like that.
And last but certainly not leas.
we have FeasTO Dumplings.
You really want something?
Come see my dumpling!
[competitors] Aw!
[laughs]
Thank you. everyone.
Now who's ready to
meet our celebrity judges?
[cheering]
Our first judge is Melissa Rave.
She is an award-winning Top Cher
of Willoughby's French Restaurat
a fine-dining favorite
among Chicago foodies.
And hailing all the
way from New York City.
we have D'Angelo Johnson.
the feared-and-revered food cric
from New York Fresh Magazine
with his famous column
"Dishin' with D'Angelo."
[applause]
Our third and final judge
is Colin Richmond.
the entrepreneur and head of
BBQ Bill's.
a two hundred million dollar nal
fast food chain. Welcome.
[applause]
Now each team is going to get
a few minutes with the judges.
They're going
to interview you.
get some background information.
find out what really makes you .
Pick one representative.
Come on up and meet our judges.
Hi. How are you?
Colin's a judge. That's good. r?
We'll see.
Remember what I told
you about keeping yourself open?
-[Maxine] Okay. next group's up
-[Colin] Good luck. alright? Se.
That's kinda neat. huh?
You?
Yeah. the one and only.
Well. we only have three minutes
and I've got a lot of questions.
Okay. Well.
I'm ready when you are. Colin.
Alright. What's your favorite r?
Well. if we're
talking about casual dining.
I think I'd go for
the Pizza Pan downtown.
Their olive oil-brushed caulifl.
it is to die for.
But if we're
talking about fine dining
I'd go for the aged. grass-fed s
at Sammy's on the North Side.
Ooh. or maybe the scallops at T.
Yeah. I don't know. It's a toss.
Those are all really good choic.
I really do love the cedar plann
at The Catch.
Hm. Good choice. yeah.
You like dogs?
Uh... hot dogs?
No. real dogs.
Yes.
Great.
How's that relevant?
[Maxine] Okay. next group's up.
♪♪♪♪♪
[Zoey] I don't know. He's probaa
eliminate us on the first round.
[Grandpa] Be way too tough on t.
-Hello.
-[Grandpa] Oh. hello there!
Hey. you left this on your chair
there. So I thought I'd...
Why didn't you
tell me you were a judge?
You never told me you entered
the competition.
But it makes sense now. I guess.
The food truck business and they
rental truck--
-Hey. don't insult Livia.
-Livia? Oh. the truck?
Yeah. Livia is my truck.
Now if you'll excuse me. you aly
ruined my chances at BBQ Bill's.
I'm not going to let you ruin ms
in this contest. too.
Wait a second. Zoey.
I'm not trying to ruin this for?
You have
a real shot at winning this.
Your barbecue sauce is unique.
Yeah. That's exactly my point.
First. you got me fired. then yd
asking questions about my sauce.
How am I supposed to trust you e
on my food fairly?
-Look. it's not like that.
-Oh. yeah. just about the busin.
Right. Colin? And you know what?
I saw you cut the line at
Enrique's taco truck--
Look. it's not just about the j.
All the points are
tallied up at the end.
You should read the rules.
Wait a second.
I didn't cut in line.
I always call
ahead for my taco order.
I've known Enrique for years.
It's not what it looked like.
Hm. Well. okay. then. In that c.
thanks for the vote of confiden.
It's one at least.
I got to get back to work.
That went well.
♪♪♪♪♪
Are you ready. teams?
[cheering. applause]
Good. because it is time to stat
our game.
So. for Challenge #1.
we are asking you to
make and sell
a unique
dessert with a savory twist.
You have to use at least one
of your signature savory
truck ingredients
in a dessert item.
The team with the highest
sales total
after three hours is the winner.
Now your
customers are going to be
our studio employees
on their break.
but beware -- they have a big st
tooth and they're pretty picky.
[competitors chuckle]
Now. this round
has a bonus Judges' Pick.
And this is for
the best tasting item.
The winner of this
challenge gets immunity to the e
regardless of sales.
[cheering. applause]
Okay. at the sound of the buzze.
run to your trucks and get cook.
Okay. okay.
[buzzer]
-[competitors cheering]
-Show us what you got!
No. no. that's so overdone.
-What else you got?
-Aunt May's Potato Chip Pie!
Okay. I can't deny that's unique
but it's not exactly healthy.
Well. what dessert is?
Let me do a few substitutions.
make it healthier.
Fine. As long as
I don't taste the healthy. all ?
Okay. I promise.
Oh. and we'll add some whipped m
and some chocolate drizzles. hu?
Non-fat yogurt topping.
-Non-fat yogurt?
-Yes. Grandpa!
You want to
win this competition?
[knock at door]
Excuse me. sir. May I come in?
Make it quick. I'm very busy.
Okay. Yeah. so my roommate.
his girlfriend broke up with him
and he was like really sad.
She's so mean.
He didn't eat anything for weeks
and I had no clue what to do.
Then two days ago.
it was like a miracle.
He's okay again.
Oh. good. I really hope
this story is going somewhere.
Yeah. but so the thing with that
is that he swears
it was the barbecue sauce.
He got some sandwiches
from this truck called Grandpa'.
It's new in town.
And. yeah. so...
So?
So... my roommate
swears that this barbecue sauce
cured his broken heart.
I tried some of the leftovers
and you know what?
Even two days old. amazing!
It was the best
barbecue sauce I've ever tasted.
Imagine what
it's like when it's fresh.
Okay. so we
ditch the Hawaiian sauce.
We reintroduce a new and
improved classic barbecue sauce.
Okay. go get me some.
I want to taste it for inspirat.
Well. there is
a glitch in that plan. We can't.
The truck's in the
Channel 5 Amateur Food Truck Co.
And so. they're not selling anyg
publicly for the next two weeks.
But I have an idea.
[sighs]
Oh. hi!
How about some delicious pie?
Actually. I'm more
interested in your sandwiches.
Do you guys have any of
those for sale?
Oh. not today.
It's just the dessert challenge.
But this is a pretty good and hr
take on an old favorite.
Oh! Can I get some
barbecue sauce on it?
Uh. no.
On the side?
Uh. no again.
Come on. Can I just have
a taste of barbecue sauce?
You look really familiar.
Do I know you?
Yes. Yeah.
I'm on the crew.
You sure? I'm trying to place we
I've seen you before.
Look. how about I just get a lif
barbecue sauce
and I'll leave you guys alone.
Wait.
I know where I've seen
you before.
You're Bradley from
the test kitchens a BBQ Bill's.
Who was that?
That was the guy
from my old job. Bradley.
He just dropped the pie and ran
when I recognized him.
Interesting.
Why would he do that?
I don't know. He asked
me for a taste of my sauce.
Even though I told him
we were only serving pie.
-Strange.
-Very.
Hm.
Hey. you guys.
what's the issue?
Failed generator.
And without power
to the electric griddle
we've only made enough bacon
for five bacon-wrapped ice crea.
I'm sorry to hear that.
[sighs] Yeah.
Um... maybe chop the bacon realy
small to make bacon sprinkles?
Do an ice cream
topping with black pepper and c.
The enzymes in the pepper will t
the top note in the caramel.
Trust me. Just try it.
[taps generator]
That's dead.
Bacon. black pepper and caramel.
you said. huh?
Uh huh.
You're the best.
-Good luck. guys.
-[Biker] Thanks.
Come on. We're almost out of ti.
Wow! Where'd they get this truc?
I heard it almost
exploded when they drove in.
[chuckles] Let's hold
higher hopes for their food.
Uh huh.
Time's up.
So... I heard you
made a pie of some sort.
Yes. Aunt May's Potato Chip Pie.
With chocolate drizzles
and healthy yogurt topping.
-Different.
-Yeah.
[Melissa] Let's have a taste.
[exhales]
Come on. Aunt May.
Let's see what they think my het
on your potato chip pie.
Mm. Well. I think it's deliciou.
-Thank you.
-[Grandpa] Thanks.
Thank you.
Oh...
No. don't say... Come on.
[Maxine] All right.
gather 'round. everybody.
We are ready
to announce the results
from Challenge #1.
[applause]
Biker Bacon Love. your team had
the lowest sales for the day
due to some technical difficult.
However.
you won immunity hands down
from the judges for
your best tasting dessert.
No way!
Your caramel pepper
bacon ice cream topping
was a total hit so you
guys are still in. Congratulati!
[applause]
[laughs]
Now the team with the
highest sales for the day by fa.
FeasTO dumplings.
[screams] We won!
Your apple and sharp cheddar dus
were impeccable.
Thank you so much.
You've won this challenge.
See? I told you it would work. .
So now. The rest of
the teams. you're struggling.
The team that had the
lowest sales for the day
and will be going home is...
Eve's Originals.
[Maxine] Your dessert just
wasn't a hit with the customers.
I'm so sorry. but you
ladies will be trucking on home.
Thank you so
much for participating.
Let's give them a round of appl.
Bye! Take care!
Okay. remaining teams.
Tomorrow is Challenge #2.
We are going to be switching upr
ingredients with another truck'.
You're going to use those ingres
to make two lunch items
for our studio employees.
So go home. rest up. and we'll e
you back here in the morning.
-[Zoey] Okay. Thanks. Maxine.
-[applause]
Hey. How are you. man?
Hey. Yeah. you. too.
[Colin] Hey. Good to see you. m.
[exhales sharply] One challenge.
Doing amazing so far. Livia. Go.
You always talk
to your truck like that?
It's not that weird. is it?
I bet you talk to your
dog like that all the time.
Oh. yeah. guilty.
Non-stop. actually.
But you can't really compare hie
and his lovable eyes
to just a
bunch of nuts and bolts.
Hey. watch out.
Livia's got feelings. too.
I'm serious. She seems to
have a personality somehow.
I'm honestly
starting to love this old gal.
Did you really like my
Aunt May's Potato Chip Pie?
Uh. yeah.
That sounds
more like a 'no' to me.
You know. what I was about to s.
It was kind of vintage.
You know? Like. hipstery cool.
Uh huh. [laughs]
Now...
is there really an Aunt May?
Oh. yes. my grandpa's sister.
She was a force to be
reckoned with.
Fiercer than spit
and vinegar.
but all camouflaged
under a perfect Southern Charm.
Well. that's
where you get it from.
Thanks a lot.
The charm part.
-[Zoey] Okay.
-[Colin] [chuckles]
Your ride's here.
Yeah. um...
Well. how about you?
Do you want a lift home?
Thanks. I'm okay.
My grandpa's
coming back to pick me up.
Okay. Well...
-See you around?
-See you around.
Okay.
[sighs]
♪♪♪♪♪
All right.
Let's see here.
Okay.
Grandpa. time's a-wastin'.
Challenge has started
and the lunch rush
will be on us before we know it.
I'm sorry. Zo.
I'm just trying to... text here.
Who is it. Claudette?
Okay. You know.
she needs my help.
I'm just. you know.
I'm being neighborly. That's all
Okay. sure.
But for the moment.
let's get back to these ingredis
because
I have a couple of ideas.
-Okay. I'm all ears.
-Orange remoulade?
Yeah. why not?
And maybe... Vegetable Medley?
I like it.
-Okay. great.
-Simple.
You start chopping.
♪♪♪♪♪
That's our special today. Enjoy.
I can't believe
you pulled this off.
I know.
it actually looks appetizing.
[Grandpa] And you thought Aunt e
was weird. huh?
Let's hope you're right.
Here she comes.
-Hey. Grandpa's BBQ team.
-Hey!
Just checking in. letting you kt
you have 30 minutes left to sel.
And one of our judges is on they
right now for a tasting. Good l!
-Okay!
-Thanks!
Well. hi there. Grandpa's BBQ.
So tell me about what you've mae
for the fridge swap challenge.
Well. our special
today is low-fat seasoned chickn
with an orange-infused remoulad.
Mm. Looks tasty.
Certainly is.
And let me guess -- enhanced byr
famous barbecue sauce.
Uh huh. you know. I've been makg
the same sauce for 30 years now.
Zoey's changed it and it's bett.
[Colin] Mm!
You know. we should be
serving this at BBQ Bill's.
Can you tell me
what Zoey changed exactly?
Okay. Grandpa. let's clean up.
Boss has spoken.
Okay.
Best of luck. guys.
What?
[Grandpa grunts lightly]
Okay. everything's clean inside
and shipshape.
-Thanks.
-Great job on the challenge tod.
So I told Claudette that I'd get
to the vet.
Oh! Claudette. huh?
-Okay. All right.
-Uh huh. Uh huh.
Uh. stop tinkering with Livia. ?
I checked the fluids.
Everything's good. We got
a mechanic coming in tomorrow.
Take it easy. You did great tod.
Okay. Grandpa. I will.
Now you go have some fun.
-How do I look?
-You look good.
-Yeah?
-I think she's gonna like it.
Okay. alright.
-Bye. Grandpa.
- Ciao.
♪♪♪♪♪
[clears throat] Need some help?
No.
Maybe. Do you know anything
about engines? She's running ho.
A little. I can take a look.
Okay.
Okay. let's see here.
What do you think?
Can you fix her?
Well. you have some
loose electrical wires.
And. well. a rusted-out oil pan.
This thing's a bit of a mess.
She's not a thing.
She's Livia and when
you're done insulting her
do you think you can fix her?
I can probably do
a short-term fix
to get you into the competition.
-Use some of your tools?
-Sure.
All right. wrench. please.
-Uh huh. wrench.
-Thank you.
Ah. pliers.
Pliers.
Okay.
-Scalpel.
-[laughs]
Pressure is down.
patient is critical.
I'm goin' in.
Livia. I'm here for you.
Oh. ma'am. She might
not make it.
Who's the next of kin?
That would be me.
I'm the only one who loves her.
There. Well. I think
she's as good as new.
Or good as old
in Livia's case.
Well. I'm really glad she's fix.
I love this ol' girl.
Let's see how I did. Go start h?
Why don't we? Okay.
All right.
Let's see if she works.
[Zoey] Okay.
[engine starts up]
-[Colin] Hey!
-Hey! She works.
Okay. good. Oh!
-Oh! Oh!
-[Zoey] Oh. sorry!
I got it. I got it.
[Zoey] Oh. I'm sorry! I'm so so!
Okay.
Your girl Livia hates me.
No. She doesn't. she just...
she needed a little time to war.
Are you hungry?
I got lots of leftovers.
That sounds great.
What's on the menu?
Well.
let's take a look and find out.
[sighs]
[Zoey] Let's see.
Okay. so we can have
the leftover chicken
from The Challenge
with my barbecue sauce.
which I know you've loved.
And I can make us
mini sliders and a salad. Sound?
Sounds great.
Okay. good.
because I am starving.
Me too.
Alright...
All right.
Okay. Mr. CEO.
Do you still remember
how to chop veggies?
Wait. you think I lost my touch?
Well. I don't know.
We'll find out.
[chuckles] Yes. we will.
Okay.
All right.
See what we have here.
Okay.
[chopping]
Not bad.
I like watching you cook.
You get in the zone like me.
Don't seem so surprised.
I'm not. it's just...
You know. I did kind of
assume you were the sort of guy
who just
sticks it in the microwave.
[laughs] Okay. I do love
to cook
but I have to admit I kind of ht
done a lot lately.
Well. maybe this contest
can reinvigorate your passion.
If Grandpa can get back
into cooking. then anybody can.
[Colin] Hm.
So. how are
things at BBQ Bill's?
Yeah. you know the business
is full speed ahead and...
Nah. it just seems a little
tougher than usual. to be hones.
This contest is a nice break.
So you traded the
chaos of being a corporate exec
for the chaos
of watching Grandpa and me
wrestle with potato
chips and put out fires.
Exactly.
Very therapeutic.
You know. I felt the
same way at BBQ Bill's.
I felt like my head was stuck
in spreadsheets and stats
and I never had time to
do the things I loved.
Hm.
You seem pretty happy right now.
Yeah. I am.
-[phone chimes]
-[Colin] Sorry.
Hey. could I have a
little taste of the sauce?
Sure.
All right.
Okay. seriously.
what do you put in this?
Grandpa said
you changed his recipe.
What's the secret?
You know. I have not shared
my secret with anyone.
In fact. I even told my best frd
Shay I'd have to kill her if I .
-Oh
-Yeah.
Well. it's really sweet. fruity.
I mean it. Colin. Stop guessing.
Wait a second. Is it citrus?
-No.
-No. wait. Gotta be mango.
Give me that spoon if
you want to live.
[Zoey] [chuckles]
[phone chimes]
Food's almost ready.
You know what?
This meal deserves something fa.
Why don't we take Livia
for a test run?
You know. and we can take her wr
and voilà. we got dinner.
All right.
And I can show you
Tucker's favorite park.
Okay. but is
that even allowed?
I mean. fraternizing with a jud.
Isn't that against the rules?
I'm okay with it if you are.
[laughs] Okay.
I guess
I'm okay with it. too.
Okay.
And who's Tucker?
Tucker is... my best friend.
Oh.
The furry kind.
He is...
-...an Australian.
-[Zoey] Oh! Look at him!
-[Colin] Five years old.
-Oh. my goodness.
Well. okay. It's a plan.
We will dine al fresco.
a gourmet leftover picnic.
Perfect!
[Zoey] Wow. the Andover.
That is Elise Monroe.
She is famous.
And you know her.
She's got three Michelin stars.
That's right. That's right. She.
You'd really
appreciate her style of present.
-She trained in Barcelona.
-Really?
Yeah.
I am inspired.
What if I added a sea
urchin foam to my sandwiches?
[both laugh]
Nah.
I'm actually surprised that you
understand Molecular Gastronomy.
Of course. I mean.
I do own a chain of restaurants.
You consider
yourself a restaurant owner?
I think of your business more
like running a factory.
"Hey. Joe. Why don't we drop shp
another batch of emulsifiers
and a yellow number 5
on the unsuspecting customers?"]
I'm sorry. I meant...
I don't know what I meant.
We are a big business.
No. I get it.
But BBQ Bill's was a
family restaurant to begin with.
I worked in restaurants
since I was 15 years old.
Hmm.
I'm proud to have
expanded my dad's empire but...
the industry's
not like it used to be.
We went public then. boom.
the brand exploded overnight.
-Here we are.
-Hmm.
Well. you've achieved a lot.
And your
family must be very proud.
Yeah.
Can I ask you
a question though?
Why won't
you consider a healthier menu?
You have
such loyal customers.
They would definitely
keep coming back. you know?
Yeah. I guess.
I just never thought how we cour
the same distinct flavors.
You've seen us do it
with our sauce that you like so.
And it
tastes great. doesn't it?
And it is 50%
healthier than normal barbecue .
Wow.
Really. that much?
Yeah. when I was your
ingredient analyst
I did the calculations myself.
Don't you think it's
worth leading the way on this?
Make a mark? Make a difference?
Yeah. Yeah. I guess that's
been in the back of my mind.
But yeah. I don't know how
avocados and hummus
and all that kind of stuff woull
to BBQ Bill's clientele.
I think it can.
And. besides. you can do it gra.
People won't even notice.
And if they do they will
enjoy eating the food they love
and knowing they're
a part of a healthier lifestyle.
You got a pretty good
point there.
Food for thought.
[both laugh]
I'm sorry. by the way.
I kind of assumed you were
this business school brat
with no restaurant experience ad
that really wasn't fair.
Clearly. you've worked very har.
Thanks.
It's just I'm not having as
much fun as I used to. you know?
So many balls
in the air and fires to fight.
But I do have a good team.
It was even better with you aro.
Oh. [chuckles]
[phone chimes]
[Colin] Sorry.
So. you and
Rick Ferretti are still working
on that revolutionary new sauce?
Yeah. Yeah. he's coming up
with a whole new sauce for us.
Oh.
You know how chipotle and
sriracha are so over?
Hm.
Well. don't forget
your old pal chimichurri.
[chuckles] Yeah.
[yawns] I'm tired.
Yeah?
We need to
rest up for the next challenge.
-[Colin] This is beautiful. tho.
-Yeah. it was nice.
-[Colin] Gotta come back here.
-[Zoey] [chuckles]
[Colin] Well. back to see Livia.
[Zoey] I can't believe I'm eati.
Colin and I literally
cleaned out the refrigerator.
Well. you know what
this means. don't you?
No.
Well. you must really like him
if you're comfortable
enough to pig out with him.
I think it means the
opposite. We're just friends.
We did have fun.
He's not so bad.
I guess. as a friend.
When he was technically my boss.
he didn't even seem to notice m.
Until that pitch.
He appreciates
good food at least.
Yeah. Colin surprised me.
He cares a lot more than I thou.
I think he just got caught up
in the world of big fast food.
He... he really does seem
to appreciate my healthy cooking
But he has been asking me a lotf
questions about my ingredients.
Do you think that's weird?
No. he's in the same
business as you
so he's probably just curious.
Yeah. it's
been weighing on my mind.
I know they need
a new revolutionary flavor.
What if he is
judging this competition
so he can scoop out new ideas?
Look. don't worry about it
and don't jump to conclusions.
I know.
And if you are that concerned
then just don't talk about your
recipes in front of him.
Talk about other things.
Get to know him.
[laughs] Okay. Well. there's
no harm in that. right?
Can't hurt.
-You want another scoop?
-Uh huh.
♪♪♪♪♪
I've just been so impressed
with all of you.
-Hi. guys. Good morning.
-[Maxine] Good morning.
-Good morning. Jesse.
-Zoey. how are you?
-Good. How are you doing?
-Good.
♪♪♪♪♪
-Hi. Grandpa.
-Hello. Zo.
-How are you?
-I'm good. How are you?
I'm good. It's a beautiful
morning today.
It certainly is.
All right. Another day.
another challenge.
Yeah. gonna be a great day.
♪♪♪♪♪
Okay. Here we go.
[cheering. applause]
Are you ready for
Challenge #3?
[competitors] Yeah!
But first the results
from our last challenge.
Sadly. one of you
will be trucking on home.
Born to Eat. your team
had the lowest sales total.
Thank you so much
for participating.
And you're going to receive soms
kitchen supplies
and gift cards from BBQ Bill's
courtesy of our
judge Colin Richmond.
-[Grandpa] Beautiful.
-[Zoey] Okay!
-Good luck. guys.
-[Grandpa] Thank you. We'll see.
Take care.
And now for the winner
of our fridge swap challenge.
With the highest sales
tickets by a long stretch.
Goes to...
-Grandpa's BBQ.
-Yes!
[laughs] Okay. Grandpa.
Baby. we did it.
Amazing. amazing job.
Now for the remaining teams
the contest is
about to get a lot harder.
For Challenge #3
it is bang for your buck.
At the sound of the buzzer
you'll run to your trucks
and make a lunch item
using only the
ingredients on your truck.
That means no running to
the store for food or supplies.
The winner of this is the team
who can sell the most items
to our crew for a dollar.
[buzzer]
[Grandpa humming]
Why so glum?
I just can't believe
this is the challenge.
It's going to be impossible.
What did you tell me before? Hu?
We're not quitters. Come on.
But we have nothing to use.
Poppycock. There's a ton
of things we can make.
What?
There's only half
a head of lettuce in here.
Somebody stole our food.
Grandpa. nobody stole our food.
Colin and I ate it all.
What? All of it?
We got really hungry
last night after we fixed Livia.
Grandpa. No.
we are just friends.
Yeah. I bet you are.
Okay. We got
to get creative here.
All right. We got
frozen chicken in the freezer.
We ones we need buns. buns.
Okay. we don't got any buns.
You got any ideas?
Asian chicken lettuce wraps?
I think customers might buy tho.
Why not? Buck a piece.
Well. thank you for
not eating the chicken.
Hey. guys? Time out.
Something urgent's come up.
We need all of the teams to rept
to the production stages right .
That does not sound good.
No. it certainly doesn't.
What this is all about? Yeah.
You okay. Grandpa? Yeah.
All right.
Hi. teams. Thank you for meeting
us here on such short notice.
There's been a little glitch.
We receive some
unfortunate information
about competitor misconduct.
The FeasTO Dumpling
team has been disqualified.
So we're giving Grandpa's
BBQ and Biker Bacon Love a frees
to the next round.
That was close.
I did not know how we were gonna
get through that challenge.
McBride's luck.
We're all gonna meet back here e
morning for the next challenge.
In the meantime. just take the f
the day relax and restock.
-Okay.
-[Maxine] Thank you so much.
Well. I'm going to take myself
to the farmers market
and get us restocked for tomorr.
You want me to go with you? I'l.
No. I want you to go home get st
and we'll come back
tomorrow better and stronger.
Okay. Well. at least let me
help you clean up. okay?
[Zoey] I really like the look o.
Are these fresh?
Okay. I'll leave
those then for next week.
Thank you so much.
-Hello.
[laughs] That smells good. does?
Sorry. Tucker's usually a
little better mannered than tha.
Well. he's just trying
to be helpful. aren't you. boy?
Okay. that looks a little heavy.
Let me grab it from you.
-Trade?
- Sure.
There you go.
Have a little walk
with me here. bud.
Why do we keep
running into each other?
This is my favorite spot.
But what's your excuse?
We're just
taking a little stress break.
And I like this area. too.
My dad opened up
our first BBQ Bill's near here
back in 1962.
Really? Where exactly?
Between Larkfield and Chelford.
That's right by my place.
But there are no restaurants th.
Isn't that a dog shelter?
That's right. When BBQ
Bill's outgrew its location
I decided to convert it into a t
Animal Rescue Foundation
and found this guy there.
Changed my life.
That's nice.
Sometimes when he's a good boy.
I get a little doggie ice cream.
Something tells me
he's a good boy a lot.
Well. you know.
you shouldn't eat alone
and who can say no
to ice cream. right?
Wouldn't be polite.
True.
-Hi.
-Hello.
Let's see. Ooh!
They have my favorite.
[both together] Orange cream.
[both laugh]
I'll get one too. please.
Thank you.
Doggy ice cream cone. I have
to say. I've never seen this be.
He's really waiting for it.
That's it. Right. buddy?
Here it is.
That's pretty cute. Thank you.
That looks really nice.
Looks very nice. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
-Cheers.
-Come on. Let's go.
-You already have yours. bud.
You are different
than I thought.
Yeah. I get that a lot.
I was never really cut
out to be businessman.
I was happy to take
over my dad's dream but...
BBQ Bill's
got too big too fast.
My team hounds me
saying I'm just a foodie
in wolf's clothing.
I try to talk the talk.
but it's not really me.
No. you walk the walk.
I see that now.
Well. this is my street.
It was really
nice bumping into you.
Yeah. you too.
Maybe someday after
the competition's over
I can cook for you.
Tucker would really
enjoy that. Right. bud?
I'll see you later.
See you.
What do you think. buddy?
She's gonna turn around.
[whispers] Come on. Turn around.
♪♪♪♪♪
Guess what? She turned around.
[laughs]
♪♪♪♪♪
Okay. Grandpa.
I wonder what Challenge #4
is going to be all about.
Who knows? We're up to it.
I hope so.
-Hi. guys.
-Hi.
Good luck to you too.
Congrats. guys.
You've made it to the final cha.
Next up we have...
the social butterfly challenge.
Your job is to get as many
customers as possible
to come to this studio lot
to sample your signature dish.
Use social media. text. call.
whatever you can to get
those hungry customers here.
The total votes from
the public are going to count
in addition to the judges
final tasting and verdict.
You have one day to prepare.
shop and cook
and then just do your thing.
Grandpa's BBQ. Biker Bacon Love.
let's have some fun.
Okay.
-Good luck. everybody.
-Okay.
-Okay--
-Just give me a sec.
I'll be right back. Maxine.
Maxine. I just wanted
to know if there's...
Oh. hey. Grandpa.
You get lost out there?
You know. I think
I re-aggravated my hip
trying to hang Claudette's
bird feeder in her garden.
Oh. really? Claudette. huh?
[both giggle]
Look...
What I wanted to say
was that I'm just. you know--
What are you trying to say. Gra?
I'm just not comfortable with t.
you know. social media stuff.
I just. you know...
Okay.
I was thinking maybe I'd.
you know. beg off this round.
But I'm not going to
leave you high and dry. Jesse?
Hi!
Okay. Do we need
to talk to the judges?
I mean. is this even allowed?
All taken care of.
Okay. Well. thanks.
Jesse. I really appreciate it.
I can't wait to work with you.
It's gonna be fun.
Welcome to the
Grandpa's BBQ team.
You want to strategize
later this afternoon?
[Zoey] Sure. Yeah.
[Zoey] I'll meet you at Harry's?
[Jesse] My favorite place.
[Zoey] All right. Jesse. cool.
I'll see you then.
-See you then.
-[Zoey] Thanks. Jesse.
All right.
Okay. Grandpa.
-You sure?
-Yeah. it'll be great.
Alright. Grandpa. well. before t
help me with these buns.
I'm on actor's budget.
Knock yourself out. buddy.
[both chuckle]
So you and Zoey seem to be pretd
to be paired together.
You know each other from before?
Is that against
the rules or something?
You're not going
to disqualify. are you?
I mean. yeah. we met
before briefly.
Like on a date or...?
No. no. No.
-Oh. you thought--
-You two got pretty good chemis.
No. Well. yeah.
but it's not like that.
Can you keep a secret?
Yeah. of course.
I like her friend. Shay.
Oh. you like Shay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Hey. can you keep a secret abou?
Yeah.
Hey. guys.
What's with the weird faces?
You two aren't bad-mouthing
my truck Livia. are you?
No. no. of course not.
Okay.
[both laugh]
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. man. I'm so nervous.
Are you sure it's a good idea
for me to third-wheel
your meeting?
You are not third-wheeling it.
We need your graphic design skis
for this challenge.
And besides. you have been
asking me about Jesse non-stop
and I think he's into you too.
So what better way
to find out?
Here he comes. now get it toget.
And look
how happy he is to see you.
I told you!
-Hey. Zoey.
-Hi!
Hey. I remember you.
You do. really?
Of course. Shay. right?
Right.
So Jesse.
what's the plan?
Well. I was thinking
if we combine your insanely
tasty barbecue sauce
and my social media accounts
we can have this
wrapped up in no time.
Check it out.
Oh. wow. 4.500 followers.
Nice job. Mr. Influencer.
[chuckles] Foodies and actors.
There's thousands
of them in the city.
How do we tap into them?
Well. I'm good
with social media.
I'll create posts and set
up auto responders for sharing.
Zoey. you did not
tell me
you were bringing
an IT expert to this meeting.
Shall we get started?
Sure. yeah.
I'll text you my account info.
Actually. what's your number?
You know.
I've got recipes to write.
Why don't I let my
tech team solve the hard stuff?
All right.
Check you two later.
-Alright. See you.
-Bye.
So.
That's me.
Okay. so we should set up
a Grandpa's BBQ profile
for the competition
on all your accounts.
Okay.
Let's send a "follow us
on social. like us" request
to all of your followers and
maybe like a call to action.
I could create
a discount coupon
for anyone that comes to vote f.
I love it.
What do you think of this?
Vote... hashtag VoteGrandpa.
hashtag BestBarbecue
or hashtag
GrandpaSaysVoteForMe.
All of them.
How many of you done so far?
Uh...
Give it here.
[knock at door]
There you are.
You haven't been returning my c.
Where's the love?
Well. I've been busy at the
food truck competition.
It's been a lot of work.
Yeah.
you look tense man.
Hey. relax.
can I get your cappuccino?
No. I'm fine. thanks. So. how's
the Hawaiian sauce coming along?
We agreed it'd
be ready by now. right?
Yeah. That's
why I was calling you.
The sauce is great.
You're going to love it.
Great. Can I have a taste?
There's just one ingredient
we need to finalize.
Come on. Rick.
It's a simple question.
Is it ready or not?
You're not going to
believe how good this sauce is.
It's going to be a
gold mine for us.
Look. Rick. You said it was
going to be ready by now.
I put my trust in you.
Okay. you got 48 hours
to get the final sample ready.
You got it done.
No worries.
You sure you don't want
that cappuccino?
Another time. Rick.
-Donut
-[Colin] No.
[Bradley] Bradley speaking.
Colin is really
laying on the pressure.
You need to get that sauce now.
[Bradley] Yes. sir. Whatever yo-
Mm.
Check this out.
I created an emoji of Grandpa
and I set it to some
simple animation.
[Jesse] [laughs] Genius.
We can totally plaster
all the accounts with this gif.
I think it's called a jiff.
Oh. man.
Gotta get to acting class.
Can we wrap this up later?
Yeah. Sure.
Would your boyfriend mind
if I called or texted you later?
Oh. no. No. he's cool.
He won't mind.
I'm just kidding.
There's there's no boyfriend.
Awesome.
I guess I'll talk to you later.
Sure.
Break a leg?
[chuckles] Thanks.
Come on over. today only!
We got a
specialty barbecue sandwich
and truffle sweet potato fries
and a drink!
After you love it. go on a Nosck
and vote for Grandpa's BBQ sand!
Come on over today only!
We got a specialty
barbecue sandwich
with sweet potato fries and a d!
Yes. and don't forget to
share with your friends.
Tag Grandpa's BBQ!
Hi!
[Jesse] Come on over!
A specialty barbecue sandwich
with sweet potato fries and a d!
I know you're gonna love it!
[Zoey] Oh. boy. That was really.
-Yeah. it was.
-[Zoey] We did good.
Oh even better.
We got 100 new followers.
Oh my goodness.
Hmm.
-[paper rustling]
-[Zoey] You outdid yourserlf.
Hey. wait a sec.
What's that noise?
Hey! Get out of there!
-[gasps]
-[glass shatters]
-Did you see that?
-Yeah.
Yhat guy's been
around my truck before
asking questions about my sauce.
He's from my old company.
I feel like there's definitely
something going on.
You think so?
What if
my old boss sent him?
I mean. I knew there were
rumors
but I didn't think Colin
would really let him get away
with stealing people's recipes.
I don't know. Colin seems
way above that kind of stuff.
It's just probably a
simple misunderstanding.
You're probably right.
[Zoey exhales sharply]
Either way.
I got your back.
Thanks. [laughs]
[D'Angelo] Mm.
Not bad.
Oh. that's all right. Mm.
Spicy.
Zo... I've had a blast
but I think I'm heading back
into retirement
with my teas
and my game shows.
Jesse. how would you feel
about sous-chefing on a more pet
basis if we win?
We do work well together
and it would be a crazy adventu.
You'd have to be cool
with me going off for auditions.
Okay by me.
Fine with me too.
Well. if we win
then let's give it a go.
Okay. That sounds good.
Let's do it.
Grandpa's BBQ.
[laughs]
[Maxine] Welcome to the finale..
Teams. you have been
cooking all day.
And right now our
judges are enjoying
one last taste test before voti.
Do they love it?
Do they hate it?
We'll be tallying the results
from all of the challenges
because today is the
final judges vote judges.
Judges. how are you feeling rig?
Zoey and Grandpa's
barbecue sauce is my favorite.
I mean. I wish I
could have a double serving.
It just pairs
so perfectly with the meat.
Yeah. agreed. My barbecue sauces
have won a ton of awards.
I shouldn't admit this but
Zoey's is better.
-[chuckles]
-Oh. I think so too.
Maybe you should ask
her for the ingredients. Colin.
Yeah. I'd love to be
able to make it myself.
Well. don't forget about
Biker Bacon Love. Their wrapped.
They haven't made it easy on us.
They have not. This is true.
Done.
Okay. the
final vote is in. folks.
Who will be the winner
of their very own dream truck?
The winner of Channel 5's
Favorite Amateur Food Truck...
with a point
difference of only one point --
897 to 898.
Come on. come on.
The winner is...
♪♪♪♪♪
Biker Bacon Love!
-[Bikers] Ohh!
-[Grandpa] Oh. man...
[laughing] Yeah. baby!
-[applause]
-[Maxine] Stu and Bob.
you are the recipients of a
fully-equipped. brand new food k
and $100.000.
-Oh. man!
-Yeah!
Zoey and Grandpa Morgan.
as runners-up
you will receive a one-year
fully paid lease to
an identical food truck.
Congratulations to both teams.
What a contest this was!
Come on and
get your check. guys.
Yes. Yes. great.
[Zoey sighs]
You okay with this?
Yeah. it was
such a close race
and I'm happy for the bikers ant
a beautiful truck for the year.
So I'm really excited to
see what the future brings next.
Me too.
Ah. you're special. kiddo.
Thanks. Grandpa.
[Maxine] And from Channel 5's
Favorite Amateur Food Truck
I wish you all a
good night and good eatin'.
-[applause]
-[Zoey] Okay. well. there you h.
[Grandpa] Congrats. guys.
-[Zoey humming] Hey!
-Hey!
So you're alive then!
Crickets. For three days.
So business must be good.
And your
new truck looks awesome.
Well. she does have
a lot of bells and whistles.
but I have to say I miss
Livia's no-nonsense appeal.
Oh. she was
charming in her own way.
Speaking of whistles.
[whistles] As requested. some ea
onions and tomatoes
from the farmers market.
[Zoey] Thank you.
I'll get inside and get to work.
What?
Jesse called Colin
for backup
but I might have to hire someone
if these crowds keep up.
You should have seen
us at lunch yesterday.
I'm sorry.
I'm distracted by Mr. Hotshot
Executive helping you cook.
He's not just
poaching recipes here. right?
I don't think so.
Like you said that was just
me jumping to conclusions.
I trust him.
And he really wanted to get back
into his love of cooking.
So what better
way to do it than this?
My. my. how things have come al.
Food's all
prepped and ready to go.
-I'm off to my audition.
-Okay.
Thanks for being so cool
with this. Zoey.
Yeah. you go.
Colin and I will be fine.
And good luck.
Thanks.
No distractions.
Shay. I need him back in one pi.
Aw. your partner's tough.
Let's get out of here before
she changes her mind.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
[sighs]
-[Zoey] Wow.
-[Colin] This is really fun.
[Zoey] Just look
at that knife technique!
You know. I've had more
fun today than I've had in year.
Reminds me of the the old days.
The first BBQ Bill's with my
college roommate Dimitri.
Forgot how good it feels
to work under pressure
and make hungry
people happy. you know?
Yeah. I really
enjoyed working with you too.
And you are
definitely a natural.
- You know what. if Jesse
makes it big as an actor...
-Uh huh?
We could be amazing partners.
And juggle all of that with beif
one of the biggest companies in?
Something tells me you
are not quite ready for that.
We can make something work.
It is a nice idea.
But you already have your busins
and I'm just
getting started. so.
I know.
But I could help you.
Think about it.
Okay.
Meanwhile. hungry customers
don't wait for us to daydream.
-So let's get back to work.
-Yes. Yes. ma'am.
All right.
you know I'll call the office
and let him
know I'll be out for the aftern.
Sure.
All right.
where's my phone?
Oh.
What is it?
What's wrong?
You know what?
I think I can finish up on my o.
Looks like you need to get back.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have looked
but I guess
you need to report back
on whatever you found
out about my sauce today.
Oh. no. No. this is about
our new Hawaiian sauce.
Hawaiian.
-Yeah.
-Be honest with me.
Have your people
been spying on me?
What?
No. of course not. What--?
Zoey that
goes against everything I'm abo.
Are you sure you weren't just pg
to love my sauce to get the det?
You've been asking
me a lot of questions.
Not at all. Zoey. I...
I like spending time with you.
You've helped me bring
back this spark and energy in my
life that I've
been missing for so long.
It's nothing to do with
your sauce.
I wanna believe you.
But I know what I saw.
I caught Bradley going through
my trash and Bradley works for k
and Rick works for you.
I have always thought there
was something shady about him.
And now I know
for sure.
Look. I promise.
I know nothing about that.
That's not how we work.
This is a family business based
on integrity and honesty.
Hm. With someone
like Rick working for you.
I'm sorry.
but I find that hard to believe
Aren't you supposed
to know what he's up to?
Zoey. you have to believe me.
I'm not sure what the truth is.
You should go.
Zoey come on.
Okay. All right.
♪♪♪♪♪
Zoey. what is going on?
Shay. I don't know what to do.
I feel like I got it all wrong.
You know. Rick must have been
asking about something else
and I just assumed it was
my ingredients.
And then I saw the billboard.
Aloha BBQ Bill's Hawaiian.
Yeah. but
you weren't wrong about Rick.
You knew that
he couldn't be trusted.
Yeah. I know but I
don't care about Rick anymore.
It is Colin
that I feel bad about.
I was so upset.
I accused him of lying
and I asked him to leave.
And now everything is a mess.
And I even
lost the lucky leprechaun.
I thought I left it in Livia
and then I called the rental ple
and they couldn't find it eithe.
Well. call Colin and
tell him that you were wrong.
I don't know. it feels
like too little too late.
Don't be so stubborn.
I can't call Colin.
What would I say?
Zoey. guess who just
got us a catering job?
Great.
What's wrong?
Something about the
new truck just doesn't feel rig.
I wish
I could get Livia back.
Look. do this catering
gig tomorrow.
meet up with us after you drop d
off and will cheer you up.
[Shay] We'll cheer you up.
♪♪♪♪♪
[Zoey] Are you sure
this is the right place?
I fell like it looks kind of fa.
Well.
this looks nice.
Thank you.
I'll leave you two to talk.
Jesse told me
this was a catering job.
I'm sorry.
I tricked you.
I thought maybe you
wouldn't come otherwise.
Colin. I really--
Zoey. I just have a few things
I want to say first.
You were right.
Rick was trying to get
your sauce ingredients to repli.
And I honestly had no idea.
I know Rick
is a little rough around the ed.
but didn't
I think stealing was his style.
I honestly thought
we we're making Hawaiian sauce.
And this whole experience. it's.
it's made me realize
this business is not for me.
So I decided to step
down as CEO at the end of month.
But you love BBQ Bill's.
I did.
But meeting you made me realize
I'm not being true to myself.
And I'm so sorry for what
Rick did to you.
I apologize.
And I let him go.
Wow.
-You fired Rick.
-Uh huh.
How did that go?
Um... not so great.
Not surprisingly. but...
it was the right thing
to do.
And more importantly
my last act as a CEO
was to sign off on a healthier .
Inspired by pretty much
everything you recommended
in your pitch.
I think that's amazing.
You're going to change this cit.
Zoey. will you...
please forgive me?
Of course. I forgive you.
And there are a few things.
I'd like to say too.
I'm sorry that I doubted you.
I told you that I trusted you.
but I didn't. Not really.
The competition was a
fresh start for me when I lost b
and I jumped to conclusions abou
stealing my sauce
because I was afraid that I woud
lose everything all over again.
I'm sorry.
You put the
fun back in everything for me.
Like when we were in the truck.
just making some food together.
it was just... I felt so alive.
It's great
to have you by my side.
We make great partners.
And I was thinking we could...
bring someone
else back in the fold. hm?
[laughs] Livia?
-Oh!
-She's all yours.
Thank you. Wow. Thanks.
Zoey. will you be
my partner? Forever?
Yes. forever.
♪♪♪♪♪
[Zoey sighs]
-Good.
-[both laugh]
Well? Shall we?
Yeah.
Let's go see if she starts up.
[Colin] What do you think?
Looks pretty great. doesn't she?
♪♪♪♪♪
-[Colin] After you.
-[Zoey] Why. thank you.
♪♪♪♪♪